Punishment, I really didn't expect you to be such a person
Revenge
target everywhere
It's been entangled here
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
Don't pretend
Name your price.
As long as you stop entangling
We can discuss
Do you think I would care about your money?
What do you need to mention in person?
Don't collude with others behind your back
With this despicable means
Disrupt Miss Jiang's plan
Delay his future
If it weren't for me
5 years ago, he was able to establish himself in the Chinese music scene
Heel? If not me
He was able to get the Queen's surrender
That was five years ago.
Now Mr. Chen has been fired
All the plans came to nothing.
Is this the result you want?
If you and Chen Tianhao did nothing wrong
The plan will be forgotten
But this is my platform.
It was the beginning of my dream.
But I'm afraid eating my doll will be enough for you.
Five years of love
In your eyes, it's just a sum of money